assets/list-of-assets.md, before:

assets necessary for the game. the list containing assets used temporarily and acquired together with introduction to [html5 game dev with phaser]() below.

the lists below are based on [basic-rules.md]():

1. list of required graphics:

- sprites at the bottom of the screen ![]()
- representation of our adversary ![]()
- ![]() fragment of ecceHomo on old dj's and young web dev's
- ![little hannah and her never-ending hang-over]()
- meteorites - ![]() ![]() ![]() ![]() ...
- love and support - ![]() ![]() ![]() ![]() ...
- !["mantras"]()
- !["i blame the mother"]()
- !["half-truths"]()
- !["prejudices"]()
- "father figure" ![bill]()
- "ex-boyfriend" !["the guy who dismissed himself as a father"]()
- "uncle-01" ![witek]()
- "uncle-02" ![jeff]()
- "sara" ![sara]()
- "rachel" ![rachel]()
- "jo" ![grandmother]()
- "kate the mother" ![kate the mother]()
- ![rafal the nasty]()
- ![rafal the bluebells destroyer]()
- [![play the game]()]()

2. list of links and references:

- [chronic fatigue syndrome]()
- recently has been rebranded as [...]()
- [section containing info re contributing to the development]()
-

Commit message:

assets/info-files-img
assets/info-files-img plus updates to README.md and list-of-assets.md

assets/list-of-assets.md, after:

assets necessary for the game. the list containing assets used temporarily and acquired together with introduction to [html5 game dev with phaser]() below.

the lists below are based on [basic-rules.md](/_arch/_gitHub/_weAreThePlayMakers/the-nice-defender/basic-rules.md):

1. list of required graphics:

- sprites at the bottom of the screen ![]()
- representation of our adversary ![]()
- ![]() fragment of ecceHomo on old dj's and young web dev's
- ![little hannah and her never-ending hang-over]()
- meteorites - ![]() ![]() ![]() ![]() ...
- love and support - ![]() ![]() ![]() ![]() ...
- !["mantras"]()
- !["i blame the mother"]()
- !["half-truths"]()
- !["prejudices"]()
- "father figure" ![bill]()
- "ex-boyfriend" !["the guy who dismissed himself as a father"]()
- "uncle-01" ![witek]()
- "uncle-02" ![jeff]()
- "sara" ![sara]()
- "rachel" ![rachel]()
- "jo" ![grandmother]()
- "kate the mother" ![kate the mother]()
- ![rafal the nasty]()
- ![rafal the bluebells destroyer]()
- [![play the game]()]()

2. list of links and references:

- [chronic fatigue syndrome]()
- recently has been rebranded as [...]()
- [section containing info re contributing to the development]()

3. list of graphics for README.md and info files:

- [![joseph labrecque]()]()
-  [![phaser.js](/_arch/_gitHub/_weAreThePlayMakers/the-nice-defender/assets/info-files-img/phaser-js-splash-scr.png)]()
- [![html5 game dev with phaser](/_arch/_gitHub/_weAreThePlayMakers/the-nice-defender/assets/info-files-img/html5-game-dev-with-phaser-splash-scr.png)]()
- [![lynda.com](/_arch/_gitHub/_weAreThePlayMakers/the-nice-defender/assets/info-files-img/lynda-com-logo.png)]()
- [![@tala703]()]()
- [![svg specification]()]()
- [![play the game]()]()

4. list of links for README.md and info files:

- [![joseph labrecque]()]()
- [![phaser.js](/_arch/_gitHub/_weAreThePlayMakers/the-nice-defender/assets/info-files-img/phaser-js-splash-scr.png)]()
- [![html5 game dev with phaser](/_arch/_gitHub/_weAreThePlayMakers/the-nice-defender/assets/info-files-img/html5-game-dev-with-phaser-splash-scr.png)]()
- [![lynda.com](/_arch/_gitHub/_weAreThePlayMakers/the-nice-defender/assets/info-files-img/lynda-com-logo.png)]()
- [![@tala703]()]()
- [![svg specification]()]()
- ![read about the game]()
- [![play the game]()]()
